( chain clinking )
( Joe grunting )
Announcer: IT WAS TO BE
THE BATTLE TO DECIDE
WHO'D OBTAIN
THE FINAL TICKET TO MEGALONIA,
BUT MIKIO SHIRATO
VS. "GEARLESS" JOE
ENDED IN A WAY
NO ONE COULD HAVE PREDICTED.
AS A RESULT,
THE GENERAL EXPECTATION
IN THE WORLD OF SPORTS
IS THAT MIKIO
WILL BE ANNOUNCED
AS THE FINAL ENTRY
INTO THE TOURNAMENT
DURING TOMORROW NIGHT'S
MEGALONIA DOME
COMMEMORATION CEREMONY.
AT THIS TIME, THERE HAS
BEEN NO CONFIRMED REASON
AS TO WHY JOE
FORFEITED THE MATCH.
COULD IT HAVE BEEN BECAUSE HE‐‐
Fujimaki: I'M DISAPPOINTED,
COACH NANBU.
YOU WERE JUST ONE STEP AWAY
FROM GETTING INTO MEGALONIA,
AND THEN YOU RAN AWAY WITH
YOUR TAIL BETWEEN YOUR LEGS.
Nanbu: THAT'S NOT IT.
THAT SNAKE MIKIO SHIRATO
SET US UP.
WELL, UNFORTUNATELY,
THAT'S YOUR PROBLEM,
A PROBLEM WITH REPERCUSSIONS.
THIS ISN'T
JUST SOME LITTLE KIDS'S GAME
WE'RE PLAYING HERE.
( Sachio gasps )
Fujimaki: ALL I WANT TO KNOW
IS IF THIS LITTLE GAMBLE
OF YOURS IS OVER.
Nanbu: IT'S NOT...
NOT BY A LONG SHOT.
♪
( singing in Japanese )
Joe: IT'S NOT OVER, HUH?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?!
Sachio: JOE, POPS HEARD
WHAT FUJIMAKI SAID, TOO.
THOSE STUPID JERKS AT SHIRATO
WEREN'T GONNA LET US IN
TO MEGALONIA
FROM THE VERY BEGINNING.
Joe: YOU KNOW, WE WOULDN'T
EVEN BE IN THIS MESS
IF YOU HAD JUST STAYED
THE HELL OUT OF MY WAY!
WHAT WAS GOING
THROUGH YOUR HEAD?!
DID YOU FORGET WHAT IT IS
WE'RE TRYING TO DO HERE?!
Nanbu: WELL, IF YOU ASK ME,
YOU ARE THE ONE WHO FORGOT, JOE.
Joe: HUH?
Nanbu: IF YOU HAD SLUGGED MIKIO
BECAUSE YOU WERE
HOT UNDER THE COLLAR,
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN
EXACTLY WHAT THEY WANTED.
THEN WE'D REALLY BE SCREWED.
HE KNEW ALL ABOUT
YOUR COUNTERFEIT I. D.,
ALONG WITH ALL THOSE UNDERGROUND
MATCHES WE USED TO THROW.
THINK ABOUT IT, OKAY?
IF SHIRATO
WANTED TO GET RID OF US,
HE COULD HAVE JUST GONE PUBLIC
WITH WHAT HE KNEW.
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN AS EASY
AS A PHONE CALL.
BUT HE DIDN'T.
INSTEAD, HE WENT THROUGH
THE TROUBLE TO SCARE US OFF.
HE DID IT HIMSELF, TOO.
Sachio: YOU MEAN...
Nanbu: MIKIO SHIRATO'S GOT
A REASON HE WANTS JOE GONE,
BUT HE ISN'T
SHARING IT WITH ANYBODY.
‐ Joe: HUH?
‐ Sachio: YEAH, I GET IT.
SO IF WE CAN
JUST FIND OUT WHY...
Nanbu: YEAH. IT'S NOT OVER YET.
THERE'S NOT MUCH TIME
BEFORE THE CEREMONY.
PLEASE HELP, MR. FUJIMAKI!
IF WE CAN FIGURE OUT
WHAT MIKIO SHIRATO'S UP TO,
I'M SURE WE CAN USE
THAT INFORMATION AS LEVERAGE
TO FORCE HIM
BACK INTO THE RING.
Fujimaki: SO YOU HAVEN'T
GIVEN UP THEN, I TAKE IT?
Sachio: HELL, NO, WE HAVEN'T!
WE PROMISED EACH OTHER,
NO MATTER WHAT,
THAT WE'D TAKE THIS
ALL THE WAY TO MEGALONIA!
Nanbu: EH...
( Fujimaki chuckles )
THIS WAS ABOUT TWO WEEKS AGO.
SOMEONE SHOWED UP
IN THE UNDERGROUND
SNIFFING AROUND FOR WHATEVER
THEY COULD FIND OUT ABOUT JOE.
ONE OF THE THINGS
THAT GRABBED THEIR INTEREST
WAS THAT I. D. NATURALLY,
AND THEY SAW SOME SIGNS
THAT IT MAY HAVE
BEEN TAMPERED WITH.
Nanbu: DAMN IT.
Fujimaki: BUT THAT'S
AS FAR AS IT WENT.
SEE, ME AND MY CREW
ARE PROFESSIONALS
WHEN IT COMES TO DEALING
WITH THIS SORT OF THING.
SOMEONE POKING THEIR NOSE AROUND
IN THE DATABASE
ISN'T GONNA UNDERMINE
OUR BUSINESS.
THEY'D HAVE TO CLOSELY
EXAMINE THE I. D. ITSELF
‐ TO KNOW FOR CERTAIN.
‐ Nanbu: YOU MEAN,
THIS STUFF ABOUT HIM
KNOWING JOE'S PAST...
Fujimaki: THERE'S PLENTY
OF PEOPLE IN THE UNDERGROUND
GRUMBLING ABOUT WHAT THE TWO
OF YOU HAVE MANAGED TO PULL OFF.
I FIGURE SOME LOWLIFES SAW
A CHANCE TO MAKE SOME QUICK CASH
AND STARTED TALKING ABOUT THINGS
THEY DON'T REALLY KNOW.
MIKIO SHIRATO MAY HAVE A HUNCH,
BUT HE DOESN'T HAVE
ANY SOLID EVIDENCE.
IN OTHER WORDS,
YOU FELL FOR HIS BLUFF
HOOK, LINE, AND SINKER.
Nanbu: SON OF A BITCH!
HE THINKS HE CAN GET AWAY
WITH SCAMMING GANSAKU NANBU?
( Sachio gasps )
Fujimaki: I'LL PROVIDE
THE INFO YOU NEED,
BUT THIS IS YOUR LAST CHANCE.
GOT IT?
SCREW UP AGAIN,
NO MATTER WHOSE FAULT IT IS,
AND THE BOY HERE'S
GONNA BE PAYING FOR IT, TOO.
Sachio: I'M NOT
JUST SOME BOY, OKAY?
I'M WITH TEAM NOWHERE.
MY NAME'S SACHIO!
AND IF YOUR INFO
TURNS OUT TO BE BULLSHIT,
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO'S GONNA PAY FOR IT!
Nanbu: WHOA. EASY!
( Fujimaki chuckles )
I'VE GOT THE PERFECT LEAD.
HIS NAME'S KOICHI MIZUHARA.
HE WAS A FREELANCE ENGINEER
DOING VARIOUS TYPES
OF GEAR DEVELOPMENT FOR SHIRATO
UP UNTIL ABOUT TWO YEARS AGO.
APPARENTLY,
OUR KOICHI GOT CAUGHT
STEALING PARTS
AND SELLING THEM.
NOW HE'S WASHED UP, ONE OF
OUR REGULARS AT THE FIGHTS.
HE FELL SO HARD,
HE'S GOT NOWHERE ELSE TO GO.
I THINK IF WE USED
THE RIGHT INCENTIVE,
WE MIGHT GET SOMETHING GOOD
OUT OF HIM.
Koichi: HUH?
( crowd murmurs, whistles )
Koichi: WH‐WHAT IS THIS?
DRAGGING ME TO A PLACE
LIKE THIS OUT OF THE BLUE.
HUH?
( handheld device beeping )
Nanbu: HMM? HMM.
Koichi: HEY, TAKE IT EASY.
I DON'T HAVE ANYTHING YOU'D
WANT TO KNOW ABOUT. I SWEAR.
Fujimaki: WE'LL BE
THE JUDGE OF THAT
IT'LL BE JUST A FEW MINUTES
OF YOUR TIME.
TALK, AND I'LL MAKE IT
WORTH YOUR WHILE.
Koichi:
WH‐WHAT SHOULD I TALK ABOUT?
Nanbu: WE'D LIKE TO HEAR
EVERYTHING YOU KNOW
ABOUT SHIRATO.
Koichi: SH‐SHIRATO?
Nanbu: YEAH. HUMOR US FOR A BIT.
( Koichi swallows )
♪
Asamoto: THEN THERE ARE
NO OBJECTIONS TO MIKIO SHIRATO
BEING SELECTED
FOR THE FINAL ENTRY, I TAKE IT?
( board together ) NONE.
( applause )
Asamoto: IT WOULD SEEM
THE DECISION IS UNANIMOUS.
Yukiko: VERY WELL, THEN.
TONIGHT AT THE CEREMONY
WE'LL ANNOUNCE HIS ENTRY.
( machine whirring )
( dog barks )
( growls )
( treadmill powers down )
Mikio: WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE I'LL
FINALLY BE FIGHTING YOU, YURI.
Yuri: FORGETTING SOMETHING?
Mikio: WHAT, YOU MEAN BURROUGHS?
WITH A CHAMPION
LIKE YOU TO CONTEND WITH,
THE KING OF BEASTS
FAILS TO COMPARE.
Yuri: NOTHING MORE TO SAY
ABOUT THAT ANIMAL?
Mikio: I KNOW MY WAY
AROUND ANIMALS.
( dog growling )
EVER HEARD THE DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN MAN AND BEAST?
ANIMALS LACK SELF‐AWARENESS.
THAT'S WHAT I'LL
BE TEACHING HIM,
THAT THE HUMAN HE'S FACING
ISN'T SOMETHING HE CAN BEAT,
JUST AS I TAUGHT THAT COWARD
WHO RAN AWAY FROM THE RING.
Yuri: DON'T UNDERESTIMATE
ANIMALS, MIKIO.
ONCE THEY SINK THEIR TEETH IN,
THEY DON'T LET GO,
STRAY DOGS IN PARTICULAR.
Mikio: AND WHICH ONE
ARE YOU, YURI?
Joe: TOOK YOU LONG ENOUGH.
( reporters clamoring )
‐ ( Santa growls )
‐ ( reporters gasp )
Joe: SO? HOW'D IT GO, SACHIO?
Sachio: WELL,
WE KNOW EVERYTHING NOW,
THE TRUTH ABOUT
WHAT MIKIO IS REALLY AFTER
AND WHY HE DID IT.
Koichi: THE COMPANY
BROUGHT ME ONBOARD,
BECAUSE SHIRATO
WANTED ME TO WORK
ON SOME NEXT‐GEN
GEAR DEVELOPMENT.
THAT BEING SAID, WE WERE
MORE LIKE LAB ASSISTANTS,
AND ALL
THE SERIOUS DEVELOPMENT
WAS HANDLED
BY INTERNAL SHIRATO PEOPLE.
THEY'D MAKE A PROTOTYPE
AND THEN IMPROVE ON IT.
FOR A FEW MONTHS, THEY KEPT
REPEATING THAT PROCESS.
THEN ONE DAY,
WITHOUT MUCH WARNING AT ALL,
THE PROJECT WAS ENDED.
Nanbu: WHAT HAPPENED?
Koichi: IT WASN'T
NECESSARY ANYMORE.
THE NEXT‐GEN GEAR THEY WERE
PUSHING FOR WAS FINISHED.
Nanbu: AND THAT WOULD BE YURI'S
INTEGRATED MODEL. IS THAT RIGHT?
Koichi: YEAH,
IN THE END, AT LEAST.
THERE WAS ACTUALLY
ANOTHER CANDIDATE
FOR THE NEXT‐GEN MODEL, YOU SEE.
IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE THE ULTIMATE
EVOLUTION OF MOUNTED MODELS.
THAT'S THE VERSION
THAT WAS LOADED
‐ WITH ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE.
‐ Nanbu: HUH?
Koichi: BUT IT WASN'T LONG
BEFORE ITS DEVELOPMENT
WAS CANCELED,
AND THE INTEGRATED MODEL
WAS OFFICIALLY CHOSEN.
THE STORY WAS
THAT THERE WERE TOO MANY DEFECTS
IN THE MANUFACTURING PROCESS,
BUT THE THING IS,
THE INTEGRATED MODEL
THAT WON OUT WAS PUT TOGETHER
BY THE PRESIDENT'S SPECIALLY
SELECTED DEVELOPMENT TEAM,
SO A LOT OF US WONDERED,
"IS THIS A REAL RACE OR
SOME INTERNAL POWER STRUGGLE?"
Nanbu: AND THE ONE WHO DEVELOPED
THE A. I.‐EQUIPPED MODEL
WAS MIKIO SHIRATO?
Koichi: YEAH.
Yabunuma: LISTEN.
THERE'S A RUMOR GOING AROUND.
THE LADY AT THE TOP
DOESN'T WANT MIKIO SHIRATO
GETTING IN TO MEGALONIA.
Mikio: NO ONE'S
GETTING IN MY WAY,
NO STRAY DOG
AND NO WOMAN, EITHER.
Nanbu: I GET IT NOW.
THE SHIRATO SIBLINGS
AREN'T EXACTLY A UNITED FRONT.
Sachio: HIS OWN PET
A.I. PROJECT, A. C. E., OR ACE.
MIKIO WANTS TO GET IN
TO MEGALONIA AND BEAT YURI
IN FRONT OF EVERYONE,
ALL TO PROVE JUST ONE THING,
THAT HIS GEAR,
WITHOUT A DOUBT, IS THE BEST.
( Mikio grunting )
Sachio: HE'LL DO ANYTHING
TO ACHIEVE THAT.
Joe: GOOD TO KNOW,
BUT THAT CAN'T BE ALL THERE IS.
I MEAN, HE DIDN'T EVEN
WANT US TO STEP INTO THE RING.
Koichi: MIKIO'S SHIRATO GEAR?
GIVE ME A BREAK, MAN.
LOOK, I ALREADY TOLD YOU
EVERYTHING I KNOW, OKAY?
WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT OUT OF ME?
Nanbu: LISTEN.
THE CLOCK IS TICKING.
THE CEREMONY'S
ONLY A FEW HOURS AWAY.
IF WE CAN GET SOME KIND
OF LEVERAGE ON THE SITUATION
THAT WOULD FORCE HIM
INTO THE RING,
I KNOW DAMN WELL
JOE CAN BEAT HIM.
Koichi: I DON'T KNOW ABOUT THAT.
‐ Nanbu: HUH?
‐ Koichi: LOOK, MISTER,
ALL I'M TRYING TO SAY
IS THAT HIS A.I.
DOESN'T HAVE ANY WEAKNESSES.
HE'S DAMN NEAR INVINCIBLE.
I MEAN, YOU GUYS KNOW
HOW IT WORKS, RIGHT?
THE SENSORS DETECT
EVERY SINGLE MOVEMENT
MADE IN THE OPPONENT'S GEAR,
THEN AUTOMATICALLY PICKS
THE PERFECT COUNTERMEASURE
FOR THEM.
HOW COULD ANYBODY
BEAT A MONSTER LIKE THAT?
Nanbu: HUH?
( Koichi gasping )
WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY?
Nanbu: WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY?
Koichi: WHATEVER IT WAS,
I'M SORRY.
LOOK, I'M SURE YOU GUYS
CAN TAKE HIM.
Nanbu: THE SENSORS. YOU SAID
THE SENSORS WERE MONITORING...
Koichi: TH‐THE GEAR.
THE SENSORS PICK UP EVEN
THE FAINTEST ELECTRICAL SIGNALS
FROM HIS OPPONENT'S GEAR.
Nanbu: BUT THAT'D MEAN...
THE SENSORS ARE DETECTING MOVES
FROM THE OTHER GUY'S GEAR.
IN OTHER WORDS...
Sachio: MIKIO'S ACE CAN'T
PREDICT A FIGHTER WITHOUT GEAR.
HE'S STRAIGHT‐UP
AFRAID OF YOU, JOE.
HE DIDN'T WANT TO FACE A FIGHTER
THAT DOESN'T WEAR GEAR.
I WOULD HAVE NEVER GUESSED,
BUT NOW WE GOT AN EDGE.
WE CAN DO THIS.
IT HASN'T BEEN ANNOUNCED YET,
BUT POPS SAID THE CEREMONY
WAS GONNA BE CALLED OFF TONIGHT.
WE'VE GOT THIS. WE'RE IN.
( Mikio panting )
Fujimaki: SO WHAT
WILL YOU DO NOW?
Nanbu: WE'RE NOT THE ONLY ONES
WHO WANT TO TAKE
MIKIO SHIRATO DOWN.
YOUR ENEMY'S ENEMY
IS A FRIEND, RIGHT?
Fujimaki: NANBU.
REMEMBER,
PEOPLE CAN'T CHANGE
THEIR TRUE NATURE.
YOU CAN LEAVE THE UNDERGROUND,
EVEN MAKE SOME NEW FRIENDS,
BUT YOU'LL STILL BE A SCORPION.
YOU REALIZE THERE'S A LIMIT
TO HOW FAR YOU CAN GO, RIGHT?
Yukiko: NO. I REFUSE.
( Nanbu gasps )
YOU WHAT? DID YOU‐‐
WERE YOU LISTENING
TO EVERYTHING I JUST SAID?
Yukiko: YES. I THOUGHT
YOU MIGHT BE EXPLAINING
WHY YOU ABANDONED THE FIGHT,
BUT INSTEAD YOU WANT
TO APPEAL FOR A REMATCH?
Nanbu: I‐‐
BUT DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND?!
JOE CAN TAKE HIM.
NO DOUBT ABOUT IT.
IF YOU MAKE THIS MATCH HAPPEN,
WE'LL BE REMOVING YOUR ENEMY
FOR YOU. WE BOTH WIN.
Yukiko: I HAVE NO INTEREST IN
ANYONE WHO RUNS FROM THE RING.
WE'RE FINISHED HERE.
Nanbu: WAIT A SECOND!
THAT WAS
BECAUSE OF MIKIO'S TRAP.
WE DIDN'T HAVE ANY CHOICE.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND THAT?
THAT WHOLE MATCH WAS
ALL JUST A STUPID SETUP.
AND YOU'RE NO DIFFERENT.
YOU WERE USING JOE AND SUGER
TO KEEP YOUR BROTHER
FROM GETTING IN TO MEGALONIA.
YOU DRAGGED US INTO THIS FEUD.
ARE YOU REALLY GONNA
TURN YOUR BACK ON US NOW?
Yukiko: LET'S SAY FOR A MOMENT
THAT YOUR ACCUSATIONS
ABOUT MY BROTHER ARE TRUE.
WHY DID YOU ACCEDE
TO HIS DEMANDS AND BACK DOWN?
( Nanbu shuddering )
Yukiko: IF THERE'S A GOOD REASON
YOU'RE REFUSING
TO EXPLAIN TO ME,
I CAN HARDLY TRUST YOU
ABOUT ANYTHING.
AND DO YOU HONESTLY BELIEVE I'D
PUT FAITH IN A GEARLESS BOXER?
I HAVE YURI IN MY CORNER.
I'VE NO NEED FOR JOE.
( hand scraping )
Sachio: EH?
EVERYTHING'LL BE JUST FINE.
I'M SURE POPS CAN
TAKE CARE OF WHATEVER‐‐
Joe: MIKIO WAS
NEVER INTIMIDATED BY ME.
Sachio: EH?
Joe: I KNOW WHAT YOU SAID,
BUT THAT'S NOT HOW HE SAW ME.
AS FAR AS HE WAS CONCERNED,
I WASN'T WORTH FIGHTING.
HE SAW ME AS INFERIOR.
I KNOW THAT LOOK.
THIS ISN'T GONNA BE EASY.
( Sachio sighs )
Yukiko: IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
I HAVE A CEREMONY
TO PREPARE FOR.
Nanbu: LOOK, I GET IT,
AND I KNEW
WHAT YOU THOUGHT OF US
LONG BEFORE I WALKED IN THAT
DOOR TO SPEAK WITH YOU TODAY.
I WAS FULLY PREPARED
FOR THIS KIND OF ANSWER,
BUT, DAMN IT, WE'VE COME WAY
THE HELL TOO FAR TO BACK DOWN.
MIKIO MANAGED TO DIG UP
SOME THINGS IN OUR PAST
THAT WE CAN'T LET
SEE THE LIGHT OF DAY.
THAT'S WHAT
HE THREATENED US WITH.
HE WANTED US TO ACT
LIKE WE'D LOST.
JOE'S I. D. CARD IS THE PROOF.
WHETHER YOU BELIEVE ME OR NOT
DOESN'T CHANGE THE FACT THAT
THE MATCH BETWEEN MIKIO AND JOE
WAS A SETUP, START TO FINISH.
IT WAS A FIXED FIGHT, 100%.
AND IF AFTER ALL THIS,
YOU STILL
DON'T ARRANGE A REMATCH,
THEN I'LL GO PUBLIC WITH IT.
WHEN WORD GETS OUT
THAT THE LAST SLOT
WAS FILLED BY CHEATING,
BAD PRESS WILL BE
THE LEAST OF YOUR WORRIES.
IF WE GO DOWN, IT ALL GOES DOWN,
MEGALONIA, YOU, EVERYTHING!
Yukiko: AND YOU EXPECT ME
TO TRUST YOU AFTER THIS?
Nanbu: NO, NOT ME.
YOU JUST NEED TO TRUST JOE.
THE FIGHTS HE'S WON TO GET HERE
WERE ALL ABOVEBOARD.
HE'S THE REAL DEAL,
THE GENUINE ARTICLE.
ALL I'M ASKING FOR
IS A SINGLE CHANCE,
A CHANCE TO SHOW EVERYBODY
THAT JOE'S ONE HELL OF A BOXER
WITH TRUE SKILL.
Yuri: WHEN YOU'RE IN THE RING,
ONLY TRUE SKILL WILL SURVIVE.
Nanbu: PLEASE!
THIS IS OUR ONLY SHOT!
CANCEL TONIGHT'S CEREMONY.
PUT JOE AND MIKIO
IN THE RING TOGETHER.
JUST LET 'EM FIGHT!
Yukiko: I UNDERSTAND NOW.
( Nanbu gasps )
Yukiko: I UNDERSTAND
THAT I CAN NEVER ACCEPT
HOW THE TWO OF YOU OPERATE.
THE CEREMONY
WILL CONTINUE AS SCHEDULED,
AND I'M AFRAID YOU'LL HAVE TO
STAY HERE UNTIL IT'S COMPLETE.
Nanbu: WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
( gasps ) WAIT!
( muffled )
GOD DAMN IT!
( footsteps echoing )
( fireworks popping )
M.C.: AFTER FOUR LONG YEARS,
THE MEGALONIA DOME
IS FINALLY COMPLETE,
WITH A SEATING CAPACITY
OF 100,000,
WHICH MAKES THIS THE WORLD'S
LARGEST MEGALO‐BOXING ARENA!
AND ONE WEEK FROM NOW,
AT LONG LAST,
THE EVENT OF THE CENTURY
WHICH DETERMINES WHO STANDS
ATOP THE MEGALOBOX WORLD,
MEGALONIA, WILL BEGIN!
( thumping )
( Nanbu panting )
DAMN IT ALL.
Santa: WHAT THE HELL, SACHIO?
ISN'T IT SUPPOSED
TO BE CANCELED?
IT'S GONNA START ANY SECOND.
Sachio: COME ON, POPS.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
( handheld device beeping )
IT'S POPS!
( Nanbu through static )
...SACHIO...SORRY...
JOE...SACHIO...
Sachio: WHAT'S GOING ON?
( through static ) HEY, POPS...
CAN'T HEAR...WHAT‐‐
Nanbu: WE'RE SO SCREWED!
I MESSED EVERYTHING UP, SACHIO!
Sachio: YOU DID WHAT?
Oicho: HEY, LOOK!
BIG JOE JUST‐‐
Sachio: EH?
HUH? JOE?
M.C.: AND TONIGHT,
WE HAVE A SPECIAL
MEGALONIA ANNOUNCEMENT.
THE FINAL ENTRANT
HAS BEEN CHOSEN.
SO YURI...
PEPE IGLESIAS...
AND GLEN BURROUGHS...
WILL BE JOINED BY...
( crowd cheering )
MIKIO SHIRATO WITH TEAM SHIRATO!
( boys gasp )
M.C.: WITH HIS
REMARKABLE INTELLECT
AND EXCEPTIONAL ATHLETICISM,
IT'S EASY TO SAY
THAT THE HEAVENS
HAVE BLESSED THIS BOXER,
THE FIGHTING ENGINEER,
MIKIO SHIRATO!
WITH ACE, THE A. I.‐EQUIPPED GEAR
OF HIS OWN CREATION,
HE WILL NOW BE
WITHIN STRIKING DISTANCE
OF THE TOP SPOT
IN MEGALO‐BOXING!
‐ ( crowd murmuring )
‐ Man: WOW! AMAZING!
( Mikio chuckles )
( motorcycle engine roars )
‐ Guard: HUH?
‐ Guard #2: EH?
Guard #1: YOU THERE, STOP!
( all yell )
‐ ( crashing )
‐ ( crowd gasping )
‐ Oicho: WHAT THE?!
‐ Santa: WHAT'S GOING ON?
( Sachio gasps )
POPS! POPS! IT'S JOE!
POPS!
Nanbu: SACHIO!
( Sachio giggles )
Joe: NOT YET!
Nanbu: EH? JOE?!
IT'S NOT OVER YET!
YOU HEAR ME?!
( crowd murmuring )
Joe: ME AND MIKIO,
WE'VE GOT
SOME UNFINISHED BUSINESS
WE NEED TO SETTLE IN THAT RING!
Mikio: BUT IT IS OVER.
COWARDS LIKE YOU
AREN'T GRANTED REQUESTS.
AS I'VE TOLD YOU BEFORE,
"GEARLESS" JOE,
STRAY DOGS SUCH AS YOURSELF
AREN'T ALLOWED HERE.
FOR MEGALONIA, ONLY THOSE WITH
TRUE SKILL MAY ENTER THE RING.
Yukiko: "WITH TRUE SKILL."
Mikio: TAKE HIM AWAY.
( Joe grunting )
IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT?!
YOU THINK HE'S GOT
"TRUE SKILL?!"
Yukiko: A MOMENT, PLEASE.
‐ Mikio: HMM?
‐ ( all gasp )
Yukiko: I'M SURE WE'RE
ALL A BIT SURPRISED,
BUT THIS KIND OF BOLD MOVE
IS VERY MUCH WHAT WE'VE
COME TO EXPECT FROM JOE.
‐ ( crowd laughs )
‐ Man: THAT JOE.
Yukiko: REGARDING THE RESULTS
OF LAST NIGHT'S MATCH,
I'M FULLY AWARE THAT THERE
HAS BEEN A LOT OF SPECULATION
AS TO THE TRUE CAUSE.
HOWEVER,
WHATEVER THE TRUTH MAY BE,
THERE IS ONE THING
THAT IS ABSOLUTELY CERTAIN.
LIKE MIKIO SHIRATO JUST SAID,
ONLY THOSE WITH TRUE SKILL
ARE WELCOME.
AND FOR MEGALONIA, THAT CLAIM
MUST BE BEYOND DISPUTE.
I DISPUTE WINNING BY DEFAULT.
( Mikio gasps )
( crowd gasping )
Joe: HEH.
JUST THE WAY I LIKE IT.
Yukiko: KEEP IN MIND THIS
DOESN'T MEAN THAT I TRUST YOU.
Joe: THAT'S FINE BY ME.
Yukiko: I FINALLY UNDERSTAND
WHAT GRANDFATHER WANTED.
I KNOW WHY I WAS CHOSEN.
I'M ALSO THE ONE
WHO MAKES THE RULES HERE.
THIS WILL BE YOUR LAST CHANCE,
MY DEAR BROTHER.
( Mikio chuckles )
I THINK YOU'VE SHOWN YOUR
TRUE COLORS FOR THE FIRST TIME.
AS OF NOW, ALL I HAVE
WILL BE DEVOTED
TO DESTROYING YOU.
Yukiko: I HEREBY MAKE
THIS MEGALONIA ANNOUNCEMENT.
THE FINAL ENTRANT WILL BE
THE WINNER OF THE REMATCH
BETWEEN MIKIO SHIRATO
AND "GEARLESS" JOE.
( crowd murmuring, cheering )
Fujimaki: HMM.
Sachio: HE DID IT, POPS!
‐ Oicho: YEAH! YEAH!
‐ Sachio: HE DID IT!
Nanbu: YEAH, HE DID.
( chuckles )
HE PULLED IT OFF!
( laughs )
( cameras snapping )
( cheering fades )
♪
Singer: ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
‐ ♪♪ 6, 7, 8, 9
‐ ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
( singing in Japanese )